docs: document new `suggest-tests` tool (#1660)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/tests/suggest-tests.md

Defined [here](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/src/tools/suggest-tests/src/dynamic_suggestions.rs).
These are more complicated than static suggestions and are implemented as
functions with the following signature: `fn(&Path) -> Vec<Suggestion>`. In
other words, each suggestion takes a path to a modified file and (after running
arbitrary Rust code) can return any number of suggestions, or none. Dynamic
suggestions are useful for situations where fine-grained control over
suggestions is needed. For example, modifications to the `compiler/xyz/` path
should trigger the `x test compiler/xyz` suggestion. In the future, dynamic
suggestions might even read file contents to determine if (what) tests should
run.

## Adding a suggestion

The following steps should serve as a rough guide to add suggestions to
`suggest-tests` (very welcome!):

1. Determine the rules for your suggestion. Is it simple and operates only on
   a single path or does it match globs? Does it need fine-grained control over
   the resulting command or does "one size fit all"?
2. Based on the previous step, decide if your suggestion should be implemented
   as either static or dynamic.

> 3. Implement the suggestion. If it is dynamic then a test is required, see the

Reviewer: Is the fact that the tests are required enforced somewhere (Lint/check?) Not a blocker, but would be good as a follow-up. In the meantime, say something like
```suggestion
3. Implement the suggestion. If it is dynamic then a test is highly recommended, to verify that your logic is correct and to give an example of the suggestion. See the
```

Author: Good idea. I'll add it to the tracking issue. Not entirely sure how it could be implmented though.

functions with the following signature: `fn(&Path) -> Vec<Suggestion>`. In
other words, each suggestion takes a path to a modified file and (after running
arbitrary Rust code) can return any number of suggestions, or none. Dynamic
suggestions are useful for situations where fine-grained control over
suggestions is needed. For example, modifications to the `compiler/xyz/` path
should trigger the `x test compiler/xyz` suggestion. In the future, dynamic
suggestions might even read file contents to determine if (what) tests should
run.

## Adding a suggestion

The following steps should serve as a rough guide to add suggestions to
`suggest-tests` (very welcome!):

1. Determine the rules for your suggestion. Is it simple and operates only on
   a single path or does it match globs? Does it need fine-grained control over
   the resulting command or does "one size fit all"?
2. Based on the previous step, decide if your suggestion should be implemented
   as either static or dynamic.
3. Implement the suggestion. If it is dynamic then a test is highly recommended,
   to verify that your logic is correct and to give an example of the suggestion.

>    See the [tests.rs](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/src/tools/suggest-tests/src/static_suggestions.rs)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   See the [tests.rs](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/src/tools/suggest-tests/src/tests.rs)
```
